You let me go
That's how you talk to your fiancé
Even if my grandfather promised you
I won't marry you either
I let you go once for the sake of Elder Lin
This time you took the initiative to deliver it to your door
Let go of me!
It hurts me.
I'm sorry. I was wrong. I was wrong.
Give me a break.
That's more like it.
Tell me what you're looking for me for
My grandfather asked me to find you
Said I have something for you
Isn't the gift that Mr. Lin wants to give me you?
Let go of me! I'm nothing
You let me go
Otherwise I'm going to tell my grandpa
Sure enough, people are different
Where there is a big place, there is a small place.
You scold me, didn't you say the leader wants to see me?
Come on.